00 Looks like a balloon. From start to end of Normal Mode, you'll 
encounter 43 of them(not including Bonus Stages). They move fairly slow and 
straight, turning occasionally. One blast each will take care of them.

07 Looks like a bouncing blob. From start to end of Normal Mode, 
you'll encounter 9 of them. They're not that fast, move straight and turn 
occasionally. They move through bricks. One blast each will take care of them.

02 Looks like a mop head. From start to end of Normal Mode, you'll 
encounter 22 of them. They are not that fast, move straight and turn 
occasionally. One blast each will take care of them.

08 Looks like a ghost. From start to end of Normal Mode, you'll 
encounter 12 of them. They move slowly and very sporadically. They can move 
through bricks and teleport from time to time to time. One blast each will take 
care of them.

04 Looks like a mask with white triangles on each side. From start 
to end of Normal Mode, you'll encounter 58 of them. They're not that fast, move 
straight and turn occasionally. They will follow you if you get too close. One 
blast each will take care of them.

03 Looks like a little flying dragon. From start to end of Normal 
Mode, you'll encounter 31 of them. They move slowly and always follow you. They 
can move through bricks. One blast each will take care of them.

01 Looks like a spinning coin. From start to end of Normal Mode, 
you'll encounter 11 of them. They move kind of fast, straight and turn
occasionally. One blast each will take care of them.

0A Looks like a bouncing ball with hair. From start to end of 
Normal Mode, you'll encounter 12 of them. They move slow and straight, turning 
occasionally. One blast each will take care of them.

09 Looks like a mop. From start to end of Normal Mode, you'll 
encounter 15 of them. They're not too fast, move straight and turn 
occasionally. One blast each will take care of them.

0B Looks like a deranged frog. From start to end on Normal Mode, 
you'll encounter 15 of them. They move slow and sporadically. One blast each 
will take care of them

05 Looks like a circle. From start to end on Normal Mode, 
you'll encounter 14 of them. They're not that fast and move sporadically. They 
can move through bricks. One blast each will take care of them.

0C Looks like fake teeth and jaw. From start to end on Normal Mode, 
you'll encounter 16 of them. They move fast and straight, turning occasionally. 
Will follow you if you get too close. One blast each will take care of them.

0D Looks like a rounded mountain peek. From start to end on Normal 
Mode, you'll encounter 18 of them.  They move fast and sporadically. One Blast 
each will take care of them.

06 Looks like a frog. From start to end on Normal Mode, you'll 
encounter 16 of them. They move kind of fast, straight and turn occasionally. 
They turns into bombs and explode periodically. One blast each will take care 
of  them.

0F Looks like a spinning top. From start to end on Normal Mode, 
you'll encounter 12 of them. They move fast, straight and turn occasionally. 
One blast each will take care of them.

0E Looks like a ghost with a green mask over it's eyes. From start 
to end on Normal Mode, you'll encounter 16 of them. They move slowly and 
sporadically. Speeds up and chases you if you get too close. One blast each 
will take care of them.